Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to sort out this area and this area.
Okay?
You can see where we are simply using the fields we have in the database.
That is the I.D. and title to the solution.
So as well, we're going to do the same thing for the price board.
So we're going to be using different methods to do this.
And that's what we're going to be doing this for the quantity.
Okay.
Now I'm going to show you this.
You can see in the models directory where we have all this fields.
Okay.
And we'll take you to the models directory.
You can see.
Okay.
So you can see over here, we have specified that the quantity is going to be a type of imp and the
price is going to be a detail type of what, double?
Okay.
So now what you're going to need to do to solve that here is, okay, we're going to go back to the
third dot, right?
Okay.
Then over here, we're going to set double.
Double Dutch.
I think price.
P e like this.
Okay, great.
You can see he's asking for the sauce.
So now we can then see elements.
The arts gets.
Okay, and now we can call the price okay for the same thing.
But this is going to be the opposite because over there, over in the models directory and in the products,
you can see we said the quantities are going to be a type of and that is in number.
We touch a decimal point or symbol.
Okay.
So this is going to be the opposite, that this is going to be in the words that pass.
Right.
And there's going to be elements Dodds gets.
Okay.
The field is what's called.
To make sure you don't make his especially mistake as you're going to get it.
But state her.
Okay.
I think over this we need one addition.
Now we can hardly start this, and hopefully we have no heroes.
Okay.
And now you can see we are not using the prize from the database.
You can hide as many forget as you want.
And they're going to have different price.
Okay.
Hopefully we got the error and I think it's going to be French or probably.
Okay, you can see we got no hair.
Okay.
Now currently, I think the in the database, we said that the prize is going to be 40.
Right.
So that's basically it.
So you can as well specify some other prize and you can check out the winner to see if probably we got
an error.
Okay.
You can see we got the error.
Right.
Sounds good.
You can as well upload more products of that.
Okay.
So this basically it's now, you know, our two fats products of the product categories and many others.
Now, if your job is not working fully well, you can't do what?
Let me know.
Probably you have some order errors.
I don't know.
But you can at least tell me.
So we're going to solve that together.
Okay.
But for now, I think that this whole.
The does all you basically basically need to know about how it's viewed and.
E-commerce website.
If you think there is for that thing, you would like me to cover it, you can let me know.
So I'm going to make a video of that.
Okay?
Okay, guys, see you later.